(Video)
Now that we can change, we can do these things in the 19th century, everything is blooming so good
and this daveta is so big, so big and so good-looking, but when you eat, then you all know what is
that. There's no really flavors. I'm not kidding, it's just only looking.
And our organic tomatoes here or other places, it's just like fruit, so delicious. I'm not kidding,
the taste of that thing, even the flavors, then in the deal level, in the sales and all those
things, then I'm a scientific nurse.
Now everyone is talking about organics. That means it's not something that organics, now we develop
the modern time. Organics are coming back to the ancient style. Our ancestors were used. That's
what they do.
And all the manuals, but it's ancient, that's what everyone is promoting, what's it called, compost
? Compost. I mean, it's just a basic, basic convenience, knowledge of the government. Everybody is
shining that now.
Now, they see these too many chains, too many things, what will lead. But of course, even though it
won't change, our human thought, ego-clinging and community attitude
and distinctly the partisan kind of aero guns and all that, they will make so many stories, so many
things. And that's what so many of the commercials, everything talks so many things.
When they talk something, it looks like, wow, that is every answer. When we read those commercials
or some books. But reality level, maybe truth isn't just 10%.
Maybe, I don't care, you know, you're all very smart cookies. Smart cookies and all the advances
and the knowledge is started. I mean, you really do. It's not like ancient time to be.
To be, many times, those people really started, except maybe those who are practicing, they don't
know how to start it, but they don't. But here, everybody goes to school and knows it's just a sort
of activated status.